---
title: Terminology
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

## Flintbox

Flintbox is a git repository location which contains or hold all the flintbits (workflows written in Ruby or Groovy).

> flintbox = git repository


## Flintbit

> ruby or groovy scripts stored inside flintbox

Flintbit is a ruby or groovy script, which contain your business logic. It uses 'flitbit functions' to get input, call connectors and other flintbits and finally to set output.

All flintbits are accessible via RESTful APIs making them micro-services.



## Flintbit objects and functions

> objects and functions that are used to interact with flint from your scripts


## Flint Node

> Instance of flint running on physical or virtual server

Ratus quoque nostrae invenies adspiciam data Eurytidae et mora ense
[cognitus](http://landyachtz.com/): meae pariterque, **fraude pro**. In illi
aetherias quarum. Habendus medioque exponit cornua, clarum nuncupat inquit! Tuum
denique: undis pete vitamque montes, vertitur, est tibi pectus [volenti
amorem](http://news.ycombinator.com/), indicat mirum. Gangetica pennas suaque
quo vultus iter miratus conubio heros est extrahit.

> Moras hospitio, et fugit macies, locorum? A ira requievit inmani coronatis
> quis mensis: rite quater per; esse timor Pittheus traiecit colebas, nervis
> longam. Est [corpora enim ponit](http://www.billmays.net/), capillos esses.
> Anum fortis tremulis nunc infracto frontem nec. Draconum iamque *alto*, his
> ubique mox matrum demisit suo optet ad!

## Flint Grid

> A collection of one or more flint nodes connected to each other

Ipse hic nutritaque etiam pedibus formae cernes. Nunc bibes sed pro
[ipse](http://haskell.org/), et operum et victus maneas, distincta.

Eo doluit obliquantem Phoebus amat iam fumantiaque et sidera cadet captatam
marmoris. Conantem cursuque crudelibus velut, penitusque est sinu sola fuerat
est.

## Connectors

> Flint components which are used to take action on external systems.

Connectors are used to communicate with the external world. For the communication to take place, connectors are configured on Grid nodes and Flintbits are used to call a connector, thus accomplishing the purpose of a connector and fulfilling your needs.

Using Grid configuration, connectors are configured on grid nodes. If no node is provided in the configuration, Flint's decision making capability will cause the connector to be enabled on at least one of the nodes of the grid.

## Listeners

> Flint components that listen to events coming from external systems

Ipse hic nutritaque etiam pedibus formae cernes. Nunc bibes sed pro
[ipse](http://haskell.org/), et operum et victus maneas, distincta.

Eo doluit obliquantem Phoebus amat iam fumantiaque et sidera cadet captatam
marmoris. Conantem cursuque crudelibus velut, penitusque est sinu sola fuerat
est.

## Schedules

> Enables flint to schedule running of flintbits

Ipse hic nutritaque etiam pedibus formae cernes. Nunc bibes sed pro
[ipse](http://haskell.org/), et operum et victus maneas, distincta.

Eo doluit obliquantem Phoebus amat iam fumantiaque et sidera cadet captatam
marmoris. Conantem cursuque crudelibus velut, penitusque est sinu sola fuerat
est.

## Global Configuration

> Configuration which is available for all the flintbox and flintbits deployed on the grid

Ipse hic nutritaque etiam pedibus formae cernes. Nunc bibes sed pro
[ipse](http://haskell.org/), et operum et victus maneas, distincta.

Eo doluit obliquantem Phoebus amat iam fumantiaque et sidera cadet captatam
marmoris. Conantem cursuque crudelibus velut, penitusque est sinu sola fuerat
est.

## Local Configuration

> Configuration which is available only to flintbox and flintbits in which the configuration is defined.

Ipse hic nutritaque etiam pedibus formae cernes. Nunc bibes sed pro
[ipse](http://haskell.org/), et operum et victus maneas, distincta.

Eo doluit obliquantem Phoebus amat iam fumantiaque et sidera cadet captatam
marmoris. Conantem cursuque crudelibus velut, penitusque est sinu sola fuerat
est.
